Updating the apictl project structure and the dynamic variables support to match with the operation policies feature (#5661)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/advanced-topics/using-dynamic-data-in-api-controller-projects.md

    </sequence>
    ```

> 2. Define the meta data of the above sequence by creating a new file named `addCustomLogMessage.yaml` in `PetstoreProject/Policies` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Define the metadata of the above sequence by creating a new file named `addCustomLogMessage.yaml` in the `PetstoreProject/Policies` folder.
```

    ```yaml
    type: operation_policy_specification
    version: v4.1.0
    data:
      category: Mediation
      name: addCustomLogMessage
      version: v1
      displayName: Custom Log Policy
      description: "Using this policy, you can log the important details of the request"
      applicableFlows:
       - request
       - response
       - fault
      supportedGateways:
       - Synapse
      supportedApiTypes:
       - HTTP
      policyAttributes: []
    ```

> 3. Open `PetstoreProject/api.yaml` and change below settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open `PetstoreProject/api.yaml` and change the following settings.
```

    1. Replace `lifeCycleStatus` value from `CREATED` to `PUBLISHED`. This is to ensure that the API will be Published once imported.

>     2. Add the operation policy under the field (list) `operations` as shown below. (Here, the operation policy which we created in the above steps has been attached to the operation `/pet/{petId}`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Add the operation policy under the field (list) `operations` as shown below. (Here, the operation policy that we created in the above steps has been attached to the operation `/pet/{petId}`)
```

    SET ENV_KEY=dev_101
    ```

> 5. Import the API Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Import the API Project.
```
